# PSCDE-Dataset

# News

## Dataset Instructions:
Dataset is crucial for deep learning, and a high-quality dataset can improve the quality of model training and prediction accuracy. However, the existing polycrystalline solar cell defect segmentation dataset has two shortcomings. Firstly, the existing public dataset has low image quality, and the images have many fine particles or snowflakes. Secondly, the researchers inaccurately mark defects, which produce too many positive samples and expand the scope of defects. This low-quality dataset significantly limits the learning ability of deep networks. Therefore, this paper aims to construct a high-quality segmentation dataset to promote the high-quality manufacturing of polycrystalline solar cells.

We construct a polycrystalline solar cell defect edge (PSCDE) dataset, which is the first high-quality solar cell segmentation dataset. We adopt the electroluminescence imaging technique collecting 700 challenging defect images with 512×512 resolution, such as multi-scale defects, occlusion defects, dense tiny defects, low contrast defects, and combination defects. Furthermore, it is a comprehensive dataset containing the main defect categories, including linear cracks, star cracks, scratches, finger interruptions, black cores, fragments, and corners. Moreover, we meticulously annotate all defective edges with the help of multiple experts. The ground truth of PSCDE includes two categories: edge and non-edge. We randomly divide PSCDE into 280 images for the training set, 140 images for the validation set, and 280 images for the testing set and guarantee that each set contains all kinds of defects.
